com/example/data/mapper/NewsDtoMapper.java
 com.example.data.mapper.NewsDtoMapper
com/example/data/mapper/NewsEntityToArticle.java
 com.example.data.mapper.NewsEntityToArticle
com/example/data/repo/remote/HttpSuccessInterceptor.java
 com.example.data.repo.remote.HttpSuccessInterceptor
com/example/data/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.data.BuildConfig
com/example/data/repo/remote/NewsRepository.java
 com.example.data.repo.remote.NewsRepository
com/example/data/exceptions/ApiException.java
 com.example.data.exceptions.ApiException
com/example/data/model/NewsArticle.java
 com.example.data.model.NewsArticle
com/example/data/dtos/ArticleListDto.java
 com.example.data.dtos.ArticleListDto
com/example/data/mapper/NewsArticlesToEntity.java
 com.example.data.mapper.NewsArticlesToEntity
com/example/data/repo/remote/RemoteSource.java
 com.example.data.repo.remote.RemoteSource
com/example/data/repo/local/NewsEntity.java
 com.example.data.repo.local.NewsEntity
com/example/data/exceptions/ConnectivityException.java
 com.example.data.exceptions.ConnectivityException
com/example/data/repo/local/NewsDatabase.java
 com.example.data.repo.local.NewsDatabase
com/example/data/repo/local/NewsLocalDataStore.java
 com.example.data.repo.local.NewsLocalDataStore
com/example/data/dtos/SourceDto.java
 com.example.data.dtos.SourceDto
com/example/data/repo/remote/NewsAPI.java
 com.example.data.repo.remote.NewsAPI
com/example/data/repo/local/NewsDao.java
 com.example.data.repo.local.NewsDao
com/example/data/dtos/ArticleDto.java
 com.example.data.dtos.ArticleDto
com/example/data/repo/remote/HttpClientFactory.java
 com.example.data.repo.remote.HttpClientFactory
com/example/data/di/RepoModule.java
 com.example.data.di.RepoModule
com/example/data/repo/NewsRepositoryImpl.java
 com.example.data.repo.NewsRepositoryImpl
